paginate passing tests. a few doc issues outstanding (#144)
insightsengineering/formatters: NEWS.md

## formatters 0.4.1.9001

>  * font_size is now 12 across the board, whereas before it was inconsistent between 8 and 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `font_size` is now 12 across the board, instead of being inconsistent between 8 and 12.
```
from GitHub Actions
/ grammar

NEWS.md#L2

"it was" is wordy or unneeded

Reviewer: hopefully it works

>  * margins are now correctly interpreted as inches when specified (including the default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Margins are now interpreted as inches when specified (including the default).
```
again GitHub actions

Author: This one is actually wrong and we should not make the change.

Reviewer 2: hi @gmbecker , can you update the correct wording here. Thanks

Author: I do not understand what you mean. the wording is correct before the change. the 'now correctly' is there because they were documented as inches before but interpreted as lines in at least some places.

Reviewer 2: I see. Thanks @gmbecker , ok, we can mark this one as resolved then.

>  * new `export_as_txt` function which can operate on any object with an applicable `matrix_form` method (including pagination)
>  * new `paginate_indices` and `paginate_to_mpfs` functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * New `export_as_txt` function which can operate on any object with an applicable `matrix_form` method (including pagination).
 * new `paginate_indices` and `paginate_to_mpfs` functions.
```

Author: It doesn't make sense to me to change one line starting with New but not change the very next entry which starts the same way. I don't really care which way we do it, but if we're going to care about this kind of thing, we should be consistent.

 * `MatrixPrintForm` objects now track referential footnote information much more carefully than before
 * `MatrixPrintForm` objects will infer detail referential footnotes information from their `strings` element for backwards compatibility

>  * fix to test that failed only on old windows CRAN machine due to imperfect UTF support there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * fix to test that failed on old Windows CRAN machine due to imperfect UTF support there.
```
